We use various sounds in our words, but in addition, we can raise our voice or lower it to make it sound better,
or we can make it stronger or weaker to make it sound better, or we can also make the sound longer or shorter to change the speed of the speech.
For example, the same word, sodesuka, can also be raised at the end, or lowered at the same height, depending on the tone of the voice.
The words like, watakushi wa kinou kaerimashita, or watakushi wa kinou kaerimashita, are different in how we raise our voice.
Also, if we say, watakushi wa kinou kaerimashita, it becomes fast, and if we say, watakushi wa kinou kaerimashita, it becomes slow.
The fast is the short sound, and the slow is the long sound.
The tone, the tone, and the speed of the speech can change in various situations, but in some words, the tone is always the same.
For example, in Tokyo, when we eat, we use chopsticks, and we say, kawani has a chopsticks on it.
In the case of chopsticks, the teeth are high and the death is low. In the case of chopsticks, the teeth are low and the death is high.
In addition, when we blow the whistle, we are blowing the whistle. When we blow the whistle, we are wiping it off because it is dirty.
When we blow the whistle, the bow is high, and when we blow the whistle, it is flat.
Also, when we say, this book is a hot book, we say it flat, but when we say, summer is hot, we say it high.
In addition, in some words, the voice is raised and lowered, and it is called the accent of Japanese.